# Knowledge check for 'State and Props'

1. How do you pass functions, state or other values between components?

using props

2. What is the purpose of state in a React component?

state is for handling values that change over time

3. Importance of using setState() instead of mutating state directly?

Mutating state directly can result in strange bugs/errors as it does not tell React to re-render components and its children. However, setState() does tell components and its children to re-render.  

4. Difference between functional and class components and syntax for handling props differ?

Functional components don't have a render function. Instead they just return jsx at the end. Functional components don't have constructors. Props are passed as an argument to the function and then the property you want to access is used with the dot syntax. There is no need to use this in a functional component.

Class components has a constructor and to handle props, props need to be passed into the constructor and the super(). Class components also need to use this.props, otherwise props will not work.
All methods must be bound to this in class copmonents or they will not work.

```
class App extends Component {
  constructor(props) {
    super(props);

    this.onClickBtn = this.onClickBtn.bind(this);
  }

  onClickBtn() {
    console.log('Button has been clicked!');
  }
```

5. How do you attach event listeners to elements in React components?

Assign the event listener directly in the JSX.

